link:
https://www2.le.ac.uk/departments/gradschool/training/eresources/study-guides/thesis/developing

The Graduate School's Top Tips for Developing Your Writing:

1. Think About Your Readers' Needs
 - basic rules
  . avoid excessively long sentences
  . do not use a difficult word where a simple one will do
  . use punctuation correctly to aid the sense of your writing
  . use paragraphs to break your text into logically self-contained units

 - Signposts
  . a detailed table of contents
  . a well written abstract
  . an introductory section/chapter for the thesis as a whole
  . an introductory paragraph for each individual section/chapter
  . a consistent system of headings and sub-headings
 
2. Remember Basic Rules for Good Written English
 - 
 
3. Write Regularly to Develop Confidence and Quality
 - Critical Writing
  . a clear and confident refusal to accept the conclusions of other writers without evaluating the arguments and evidence that they provide
  . a balanced presentation of reasons why the conclusions of other writers may be accepted or may need to be treated with caution
  . a clear presentation of your own evidence and argument, leading to your conclusion
  . a recognition of the limitations in your own evidence, argument, and conclusion
 - Academic Conventions 
 
4. Have a Structure for Drafting and Re-Drafting
 -  Re-draft
  . 1st Re-Draft - Editing for Academic Rigour
  . 2nd Re-Draft - Reducing Redundancy
  . 3rd Re-Draft - Editing for Consistency
  . 4th Re-Draft - Signposting and Linking
  . 5th Re-Draft - Proof Reading  
  
5. Get Feedback on Your Writing and Use It

6. Be Realistic About What You Can Achieve
 - Remember that
  . you are just starting out as an academic writer - you should not expect, nor will your examiners expect, to see in your thesis the writing style of an experienced academic writer
  . you need to keep sight of what is important about your writing style - do not waste time agonising over phrasing or your choice of words, your writing is doing its job if it communicates clearly what you have to say
  . you can use feedback from your supervisors and others to reassure yourself that what you are writing is of an appropriate standard
